d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\obj\Debug\TravelServiceIIS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\TravelServiceIIS.dll.config
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\TravelServiceIIS.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\TravelServiceIIS.pdb
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\TravelService.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\TravelService.pdb
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\obj\Debug\TravelServiceIIS.dll
d:\Users\Slavica\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndexTestC\TravelServiceIIS\obj\Debug\TravelServiceIIS.pdb
